Brother Chen, I'm a little hungry
Ok I'll take you to eat
It can't be so coincidental
Is Ji Lingchuan really the big brother when he was a child?
Why is my necklace missing?
Bought your favorite neighborhood
I made a special trip for you
You can ask what works Youan Ning sends.
Where are you going? You are Mr. Ji's subordinate
Without his orders
You can only wait here for him to come back.
I am his family doctor
Not a maid
Mr. Ji is looking at money
Good health is not needed for you for the time being.
Don't you know that Ji always has asthma?
He could need a doctor at any time
Xinlingchuan has asthma
Why else would you need a family doctor?
Could it be that you really think he likes you?
I have something important to do now, and I don't have time to waste saliva with you.
Mr. Ji has found his white moonlight
Even if you save him
He won't give you a second look
Keep this to yourself
It will shine in decades.